good afternoon the prize plays well but loses to são paulo in morumbi the decision
will be in porto alegre
especially in the first half the team was well above São Paulo
but in detail the team of murici ramalho got the victory
not exactly a good first time level
on the contrary with so much mark has more ball stopped than the year
even so, diego souza affirms that today his new minister
by the way
and they will get right with the club knows how many are paulo
as the roads and inlets give the debut of the slowness before said
government in the second half and participated in the bid and determination
Miranda's goal
I'm using is a success divided strong alves of lime
even so
the moroso goes to the game
but who knew that sartre in Genoa the finalization of souza
everything is very painful for the last 45 minutes and the paulistas are giving themselves
best
It's a good thing that the goal of the game is canceled.
did not hit the target here the ball headed for andré days was already going
out we took a stop ball goal to connect
we know suddenly could suffer arrived here
wright good-sized love in each one tries to achieve
reversing this score was the third defeat of the guild in the liberators but
if the players do not discourage the fan much less currently strengthen the team
in the first game in the opponent's house
I despise myself newspaper uses today's request of the English defense the promise to bring
victory pressure from 1 to 0 went with hope with this proposal
São Paulo came out ahead in the Brazilian confrontation in the liberators now the
tricolor from São Paulo needs a draw against the gaucho tricolor to reach
to the quarterfinals
the two lively cheerleaders
after starting a tear of the liberators with a face varnish
the climber of paulista 'conquered the liberators of america
three times another plant
raised the cup twice five Brazilian titles
who could expect
braga is
Sao Paulo
very balanced
When Diego Souza lined up
rogério ceni defended kick
while aloísio won from sasha
psp prevented the goal
diego souza still tried one more time
Aluízio also risked his head
Thank you for trying.
of gabus group with up body
with that in mind
to try to change the game in the second time I died and put the dagoberto that was
warning soon
the barshopping
and it was only the ball coming that he rolled to the defender miranda to give one of
attacker
a great player
have a good view of the game gave me the law pelé placed was unhappy
and make the goal
he had the most dagoberto he received the ball in the left
and turned the game where it was dirty
who raised his head and threw them
but did not fail
and by the dagobert
thirteen inches ahead of the defenders and he did not score a goal soon
on debut for são paulo
The commemoration of the attacker was postponed this time, it ended years ago.
losing hand menezes showed the way
but the aim of Diego Souza was not perfect
souza missed the target for very little in this free kick
and in this toss and went to the tissot hand
avoided the second goal of são paulo
the moroso who entered the second half to debut for the tricolor gaucho had
the chance to draw for the team
but what I asked you to grant to the Muslim minority Lula
better than triple the river
the paulista who left the night
a little redder